Update docs for Crescendo 1.1-RC1 (#163)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs-Modules: reference/docs-conceptual/Crescendo/whats-new/whats-new-in-crescendo-11.md

]
```

## Creating cmdlet parameters that are not used by the native command

Crescendo is designed to pass parameters defined in the configuration as arguments to the native
application. There are times when you may want to use a parameter value in the output handler but
not the native application. To enable this, a new boolean parameter property `ExcludeAsArgument` set
to true prevents the argument from being sent to the native application. The default is `false`.

```json
"Parameters": [
        {
            "Name": "Filter",
            "ParameterType": "string",
            "ExcludeAsArgument": true,
            "Mandatory": false,
            "Description": "Variable not sent to native app"
        }
    ],
```

> For this example, the string argument passed to the **Filter** parameter is stored in the variable
> `$Filter`. This variable is available for use in your output handler. The `$Filter` variable could
> used by the output handler to filter the output of the native command, rather than returning all
> output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, the string argument passed to the **Filter** parameter is stored in the variable
`$Filter`. This variable is available for use in your output handler. The output handler could use
the value of the `$Filter` variable to filter the output of the native command, rather than
returning all output.
```
